Scenario I In this scenario, we are interested in modeling student enrollment in Stanford courses. We would like to
answer questions such as:

Q.1What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?

Ans-optionA-Strengths-It is more suitable for query processing and it can be easily analyses large multidimensional data sets.

            Weakness-More information is not available or extracted.
  
    optionB-Strengths-It is more suitable for extracting more information and it can be easily analyses large multidimensional data sets.

            Weakness-complex queries & takes longer time to execute.

    optionC-Strengths-It is more suitable for extracting Specific information and it can be easily analyses large multidimensional data sets.

            Weakness-complex queries & takes longer time to execute.


Q.2 Which option would you choose and why?

Ans-Option A would fit better as it is a star schema data model where the query execution takes less time & no complexity.
    Dimension & Fact tables are up to required level & easy to design

Q3. Would your answer to Question 2 be different if the majority of classes had multiple instructors? How
about if only one or two classes had multiple instructors? (Explain your answer.)

Ans- Complexity of design would be decreased if only one or two classes had multiple instructors.Query execution would be faster.
      



Scenario II In this scenario, we are building a data warehouse for an online brokerage company. The company
makes money by charging commissions when customers buy and sell stocks. We are planning to have a Trades fact
table with the grain of one row per stock trade. We will use the following dimensions: Date, Customer, Account,
Security (i.e. which stock was traded), and TradeType.



Q.5 What are the strengths and weaknesses of each option?

Ans-optionA-Strengths-Query Execution would be faster.simple design with less tables.
            
            Weakness- overwritten would lead to loss of information in future analysis


  
    optionB-Strengths-Query Execution would be faster.simple design with less tables.
            
            Weakness-Duplication might occur if in case scores are not changed.


    optionC-Strengths-It is more suitable for query processing and it can be easily analyses large multidimensional data sets.

            Weakness-complexity of queries will increase.

    optionC-Strengths-It is more suitable for extracting Specific information and it can be easily analyses large multidimensional data sets.

            Weakness-complex queries & takes longer time to execute.

Q.6 Which option would you choose and why?

Ans-Option C would fit better as it is a star schema data model where the query execution takes less time & no complexity.
    Dimension & Fact tables are up to required level & easy to design.

Q.7 Would your answer to Question 6 be different if the number of customers and/or the time interval
between score recalculations was much larger or much smaller? (Explain your answer.)

Ans-Query execution time & speed would be moderated.Design of such datamodel or schema design would be easy if the number of customers and/or the time interval
between score recalculations was much smaller.



      



